## 67-272 Application Design & Development Chess Camp Final Project ##

This Ruby on Rails application was the last phase in a five part project for Application Design & Development, which I took during the Spring 2014 semester. The purpose of the project was to create a system to benefit a fictional chess camp. My application was awarded a Chili Pepper Award for Red Hot Design & Development, which was awarded to the top 5 projects out of a class of roughly 70. My project featured an administrative dashboard that graphically visualized key business analytics. 

----------

This my final project code for the course project in 67-272: Application Design and Development.  

To set this up, clone this repository, run the `bundle install` command to ensure you have all the needed gems and then create the database with `rake db:migrate`.  If you want to populate the system with fictitious, but somewhat realistic data (similar to the data given in the spreadsheets in phase 1), you can run the `rake db:populate` command.  The populate script will create:
- 100 families
- over 200 students
- over 35 camps

Many objects are created with some element of randomness so you will get slightly different results each time it is run.  However, instructors and users are fixed.  All users in the system have a password of 'secret'.  In terms of users there are two admins (Alex and Mark) and four instructor-level users (our four Head TAs).  The username for each is their first name in all lowercase.

Details about the project and course can be found here [67-272 course site](http://cmu-is-272.org/projects/5).